Add draw_limb function (#5414)
sunpy/sunpy: changelog/5414.bugfix.rst

> :meth:`sunpy.map.GenericMap.draw_limb` no longer plots or returns the hidden
> part of the limb if it does not have any points.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the limb is entirely visible, :meth:`sunpy.map.GenericMap.draw_limb` no longer plots an invisible patch for the hidden part of the limb and now returns `None` instead of the invisible patch.
```
